Add markdown documentation for spoilers (#383)
dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io: en/references/exercise-description/index.md

```markdown
> This is a quote.
```

## Spoilers

To hide a part of your exercise description, you can use a spoiler. This will result in an element like this:

![img.png](spoiler_closed.png)
![img.png](spoiler_open.png)

To use a spoiler, create a `details` element, containing a `summary` element and some content.

```html
<details>
    <summary>Toggle me!</summary>
    Peek a boo!
</details>
```

> Note that you can't use Markdown inside a HTML tag like this. If you want to use Markdown inside a spoiler, you can use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that by default, you can't use Markdown inside an HTML tag. If you want to use Markdown inside a spoiler, you must add the `markdown="1"` attribute like this:
```
